Miscellaneous kernel deprecations (#1017)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/releases/ez_platform_v3.0_deprecations.md

See [eZ Platform v3.0 project update instructions](./ez_platform_v3.0_project_update.md#custom-installers) for upgrade details.

## date-based-publisher

> No deprecations or backward compatibility breaks to document.

Reviewer: Are you sure? POV ping @Nattfarinn @michal-myszka. Not referring to DB schema though, it's covered elsewhere, but AFAIR entire API and SPI layer has been reworked.

When matching SiteAccesses using custom services, the SiteAccess matcher service must be now tagged with `ezplatform.siteaccess.matcher`.

### Search Indexers

> Service Provider abstracts for Search Engine Indexer implementations (`\eZ\Publish\Core\Search\Common\IncrementalIndexer and \eZ\Publish\Core\Search\Common\Indexer`) accepts now `\Doctrine\DBAL\Connection $connection` instead of `\eZ\Publish\Core\Persistence\Database\DatabaseHandler $databaseHandler`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Service Provider abstracts for Search Engine Indexer implementations (`\eZ\Publish\Core\Search\Common\IncrementalIndexer` and `\eZ\Publish\Core\Search\Common\Indexer`) now accept `\Doctrine\DBAL\Connection $connection` instead of `\eZ\Publish\Core\Persistence\Database\DatabaseHandler $databaseHandler`.
```

> Inject it via `@ezpublish.persistence.connection`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inject them via `@ezpublish.persistence.connection`.
```

The methods `getContentLocationIds` and `logWarning` of `\eZ\Publish\Core\Search\Common\Indexer` have been dropped.

> For the former one use Location SPI Persistence Handler, for the latter one use Logger directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use Location SPI Persistence Handler in place of `getContentLocationIds`. Use Logger directly in place of `logWarning`.
```

Strict types have been added to Public API methods.

### Zeta Components (eZc) Database handler

The deprecated Zeta Components (eZc) Database handler has been dropped.
All classes and interfaces from `eZ\Publish\Core\Persistence\Database` and `eZ\Publish\Core\Persistence\Doctrine` namespaces have been removed.

> The `ezpublish.connection` has been removed. Use `ezpublish.persistence.connection` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ezpublish.connection` has been removed. Use `ezpublish.persistence.connection` instead.
```

The signature of the `\eZ\Publish\Core\Persistence\Legacy\URL\Query\CriterionHandler::handle` contract

> accepts now `\Doctrine\DBAL\Query\QueryBuilder` instead of `\eZ\Publish\Core\Persistence\Database\SelectQuery` and has the following form:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
now accepts `\Doctrine\DBAL\Query\QueryBuilder` instead of `\eZ\Publish\Core\Persistence\Database\SelectQuery` and has the following form:
```

``` php
use \Doctrine\DBAL\Query\QueryBuilder;
use \eZ\Publish\Core\Persistence\Legacy\URL\Query\CriteriaConverter;
use \eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Values\URL\Query\Criterion;

> public function handle(CriteriaConverter $converter, QueryBuilder $query, Criterion $criterion);

Reviewer: TBH on the output it doesn't look good without a blank line separating imports from the prototype.

```
  

> The `ezpublish.api.search_engine.legacy.dbhandler` and `ezpublish.api.storage_engine.legacy.dbhandler`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ezpublish.api.search_engine.legacy.dbhandler` and `ezpublish.api.storage_engine.legacy.dbhandler`
```

have been removed.
Inject `\Doctrine\DBAL\Connection` via `ezpublish.persistence.connection` instead.

#### Field Type External Storage Handlers 

> The Field Type External Storage Handlers `$context` array no longer have the "connection" key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Field Type External Storage Handlers `$context` arrays no longer have the "connection" key.
```
